Program Version: 6.2.1311.22160
Language: Russian, English, and other

Treatment: Complete
Type of medicine: crack

System requirements:

Operating system: Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows 2003 Server, Windows Vista, Windows 2008, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 or Windows Server 2012

Both 32 and 64-bit versions of Windows

Universal Document Converter does not print from applications running in emulation mode MS DOS

Processor: Intel Pentium III 500 MHz or higher

RAM: 512 MB

Free disk space: 40 MB for program files, 100 MB of graphics files, 100 MB swap file

Description:

Universal Document Converter - is the most complete solution for converting documents of any type into Adobe PDF files or image files. Its basis is the technology of
 virtual printing. Therefore, export the selected format documents Microsoft Word, tables Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint presentations and Autodesk AutoCAD 
drawings is as simple as typing on a desktop printer.

Universal Document Converter can help you prepare documents to be published on the website, to protect them from copying and changes when sent by email, save a 
lot of time preparing presentations PowerPoint, and also simplify the process of sending materials to the printshop or publisher. In addition, by using this program 
you can reduce the cost of development and implementation of a corporate document.

Pros Universal Document Converter:
Export into 8 formats. Documents of any type can be exported into Adobe PDF or graphical files in 7 popular formats: TIFF, JPEG, PNG, PCX, DCX, GIF or BMP.

Work with multipage documents. Several documents of various types can be united into one multipage file.

Versatility. The technology of virtual printing makes it possible to convert the selected format documents of any type, including multipage reports, technical 
drawings and posters.

Practicality. Direct export of a document into a graphical file (instead of printing and scanning a paper copy) economizes on expendable materials and staff time.

Easy to use. For exporting documents of any type into Adobe PDF files or image files to print them using the printer named Universal Document Converter.

Advanced algorithm of quantization. Advanced algorithm for image quantization allows to obtain the highest quality copies even when converting to black and white 
format.

High resolution. The ability to export documents with a resolution up to 2,400 DPI enables you to save all elements of design of advertising materials and the 
minutest details of drawings and electronic diagrams.

Automatic margin cropping. The function of automatic cropping of empty margins makes it unnecessary to edit graphical copies of tables and diagrams before placing 
them in presentations or text documents.

To save system resources. Low consumption of system resources enables you to export documents of practically any size which can contain hundreds of pages.

Flexibility in configuration. Flexibility in configuration program allows you to choose the optimal ratio between the quality of copies of documents and the size
 of the output files. For example, for publication on the website need small files. On the other hand, for preparing documents to be sent to the printing requires 
high resolution and compressed without quality loss.

Quick Setup. A profile library (collection of settings with optimal conversions for standard conversion tasks) makes it possible to configure Universal Document 
Converter with two clicks of the mouse.

Remote use. Compatibility with Microsoft Windows Microsoft Windows Terminal Services and Citrix makes it possible to use Universal Document Converter from remote 
computers.

Scalability. The possibility to share Universal Document Converter on a separate computer and use it with a job as a network printer can significantly increase the 
rate of conversion of documents.

COM-interface. Availability COM-interface simplifies the workflow systems with Universal Document Converter.

That Novgorod:
New algorithm for black and white TIFF files creation

Arabic language included into the program interface

Several improvements and fixed errors in PDF files creation.

The setup program will generate in the keygen and enter the serial number